Our Shenwu Dojo will open a martial arts hall here in a few days
If you want to know each other, just close the door and get out
What is Shenwu Dojo?
You don't even know Shenwu Dojo
He is the largest martial arts hall in Dongying
The surface is a martial arts hall
Actually black boxing around
The means of killing our great warriors are extremely despicable
If we don't
Don't look at this Chengba as a ruffian
He's a black belt in karate.
Few people in our Jiangcheng are his opponents
Disagree this is the principal
You hurt innocent people
don't comply with the martial virtue
What is Wude?
What's the use of that thing?
Only you heroes are rubbish
To believe in this kind of thing
Our Dongying
They all talk with their fists.
You can close the door if you want.
Then fight us
But
We Shenwu never play games without money
Whoever loses closes the door
money
Pay double
and
I want to keep these hands
That's not possible.
We fight martial arts
Fighting doesn't hurt
Job seeker
Never fight by force
You didn't really think you could beat me, did you?
Or are you afraid at all?
What dare not
You lackeys from Dongying
It is not worthy of my master's ability to take action
Stop
Is dermabrasion not enough?
But I don't want your stinky money
If I win
you
Don't bother us anymore
Hahaha good
Don't say I'm a black belt bullying you
Also let you three moves
Or I will kill you
Once I leave you, I will have to rely on you